Mai 25 Report (#90)
support-and-care/maven-support-and-care: src/docs/reports/2025/05/index.adoc

= May 2025
:icons: font

== Work Package 1 — Security of the Supply Chain

> * We setup an instance of Dependencytrack to compare it to ORT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We setup an instance of Dependencytrack to store SBOMs of all Maven projects in future
```

== Work Package 2 — Maintenance

* We helped to test further Jira projects migration (MDOAP, MJDEPS, MLINKCHECK, MJDEPRSCAN, MSCMPUB,  MSCRIPTING, MJARSIGNER, SUREFIRE, MEAR, MINVOKER, MJAR).
* We find a solution how to migration big jira projects.
* Further Jira projects were migrated to GitHub issues (MEJB, MACR, MJMOD)
* We refactored parts of the Maven Dependency Plugin to improve the build process and code quality.
* We upgraded dependencies in the Maven Build Cache Extension to improve security and compatibility.

> * We analyzed issues between MBUILDCACHE and protobuf-maven-plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We analyzed and fixed issues between MBUILDCACHE and protobuf-maven-plugin.
```

Author: The issue was fixed this week, not in Mai.
